git push:
The "push" command is used to publish new local commits on a remote server.
The source (i.e. which branch the data should be uploaded from) is always the
currently checked out HEAD branch.
The target (i.e. which branch the data should be uploaded to) can be specified
in the command's options. These options can be omitted, however, if a tracking 
relationship with a remote branch is set up.
Note that the "push" command can also be used to delete a remote branch.

git clone:
The git clone command copies an existing Git repository. This is sort of like SVN 
checkout, except the “working copy” is a full-fledged Git repository—it has its own 
history, manages its own files, and is a completely isolated environment from the 
original repository.

git pull:
The git pull command is used to fetch and download content from a remote repository 
and immediately update the local repository to match that content. ... The git pull 
command is actually a combination of two other commands, git fetch followed by git 
merge.

merge conflit:
Merge conflicts happen when you merge branches that have competing commits, and Git 
needs your help to decide which changes to incorporate in the final merge.
Git can often resolve differences between branches and merge them automatically. Usually, 
the changes are on different lines, or even in different files, which makes the merge simple 
for computers to understand. However, sometimes there are competing changes that Git can't resolve 
without your help. Often, merge conflicts happen when people make different changes to the same line 
of the same file, or when one person edits a file and another person deletes the same file.

You must resolve all merge conflicts before you can merge a pull request on 
GitHub. If you have a merge conflict between the compare branch and base 
branch in your pull request, you can view a list of the files with conflicting 
changes above the Merge pull request button. The Merge pull request button is 
deactivated until you've resolved all conflicts between the compare branch and base branch.